Add Note on Correct OBO Flow Implementation for Guest Users (#464)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/acquiring-tokens/web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md

}
```

### Important Note on On-Behalf-Of (OBO) Flow with Guest Users

> When performing the On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow, especially with guest users, it is crucial to target the specific tenant rather than using the `/common` endpoint. Using the `/common` endpoint can lead to issues and incorrect behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing the On-Behalf-Of (OBO) flow, especially with guest users, it is important to target the specific tenant, denoted by the `tid` claim from the client token. Do not use `/common` or `/organizations` in OBO, because the token will be for the user's home tenant.
```
